01.	Why do we use graphics?
	We use graphics to make our display of data and use of the program more interesting, intuitive, 
	and accessible to people.

02.	When do we try to not use graphics?
	We do not use graphics when it is an embedded or purely computational, where the display of the graphics 
	will not matter because there is no dedicated display device.

03.	Why is graphics interesting as a programmer?
	Graphics are interesting because they provide immediate and visual results from the code changes, and often
	provide both novel and educational code to read. Furthermore graphics often represent the proof that the 
	program is actually useful, i.e. if the UI cannot be made useful, the program is wholly suspect as a 
	program that is useful to the users.

04.	What is a window?
	A window is an area of the screen occupied by the program where the graphics of the program are displayed.

05.	In which namespace do we keep our graphics interface classes (for our graphics library)? 
	Graph_lib.

06.	What header files do you need to do basic graphics using our graphics library?
	Graph.h and simple_window.h.

07.	What is the simpliest window to use?
	The simpliest window is a basic window with no buttons or additional features.

08.	What is the minimal window?
	The minimal window is the button that minimizes the window to the start menu in Windows. Alternatively it may
	refer to the window's minimum coordinates, (0, 0), or the top left.

09.	What is a window label?
	A window label is the text at the top right of the window.

10.	How do you label a window?
	A window may be labelled in the constructor by providing a string, or by accessing the .label property.

11.	How do screen coordinates work? Window coordinates? Mathematical Coordinates?
	Screen coordinates work by going from 0, 0 at the top left to the max x, y at the bottom right. Window coordinates work
	the same way, only they use the top left of the window as 0, 0. Mathematical coordinates place 0, 0, at the -bottom- left,
	therefore they reverse the direction of the Y-Axis.

12.	What are the examples of the simple shapes we can display?
	For FLTK, your basic shapes are boxes(rectangles), and then drawing images that can be circles, lines, or polygons.

13.	What command attaches a shape to a window?
	<window>.attach(shape);

14.	What basic shape would you use to draw a hexagon?
	Polygon or closed polyline.

15.	How do you write text somewhere in the window?
	You use a Text object, which is a derivative of shape and will display text.

16.	How would you put a photo of your best friend in the window? 
	You would use the Image class to load the image and attach it to the window at a specified location.

17.	YOu made a window object, but nothing appears on the screen, what are some possible reasons for that?
	The most likely reason is that you never actually draw the window by either by not ever calling the draw function(show()) or
	by providing a base coordinate on the screen that does not exist on the screen.

18.	You have made a shape, but it doesn't appear on the window. What are some possible reasons for that?
	The foremost reason is that you are not actually drawing the shape on the window by not attaching it to the window. Alternatively,
	you may have given a coordinate off the visible area.