Chapter 4 Terms

Abstraction
The hiding of details that are not immediately necessary to use a facility behind a more convenient
interface.

Computation
The act of producing outputs based on inputs.

Conditional Element
An operator that returns the state of a condition as a bool. 

Declaration
The specification of a name and its type within a program.

Definition
A declaration that also includes implementation details.

Divide and Conquer
Splitting larger computations into smaller, more readily doable and understandable computations.

else
A conditional statement that is run if an if-statement is found to be false.

Expression
A basic building block of programs. An expression computes a value(output) from a number of operands(inputs).

For-statement
An iteration-statement that runs while a condition is true and can increment that condition 
each loop, eventually leading it to be false. Useful for iterating through a vector or array.

Range-for-statement
A shorthand way of looping through an entire vector.

Function
A function is a named sequence of statements.

if-statement
A conditional statement that executes if the condition is met.

Increment
To increase by one.

Input
Values used by a computation.

Iteration
The act of repeatedly executing a piece of code.

loop
A piece of code executed repeatedly, typically in a while-statement or for-statement.

lvalue
The left operand of an operation.

Member Function
A function that is declared as a member of a class, and subsequently may be accessed by
instance_name.member_function_name(parameters) notation.

output
Data that is produced by a computation.

push_back()
A member function of the vector class that creates a new entry at the end of a vector and assigns it
the parameter value in parenthesis.

repetition
Repeating the same peice of code.

rvalue
The right operand of an operator.

Selection
Statements such as if-statements or else-statements that select a peice of code to run based on a 
conditional element.

size()
A member function of the vector class that returns the size of a vector.

sort()
A member fuction of a vector class that sorts the vector based on a provided parameter.

statement
A basic element of a program that controls execution flow in a function, such as if-statements,
for-statements, or switch-statements, etc.

switch-statement
A statement which executes a peice of code based on a constant value provided which in term is
defined by it's case.

vector 
A container which represents a mutable array.

while-statement
A statement which repeats its relevant code for as long as the conditional element is true and
does not necessarily provide a mechanism to eventually make the conditional element false.