Binary
The base-2 number sequences that are the fundamental language of electronics.

Character Classification
The system by which characters are classified in C-derived languages, such as digits, alphanumerica, letters, etc.

Decimal
A display mode for floats that displays the float as a decimal-point number with a determined or default precision.

defaultfloat
The standard mode that a float is displayed to the user, normally 6 or 7 digits in precision if showing in decimal or
switching to scientific if the compiler determines that gives a more accurate output due to number length.

file positioning
The point in a file where the reading or writing function is currently indexed to. Starts at 0 and proceeds by character
length to the end of the file.

fixed
A display mode for floats where a determined number of digits are shown past the decimal.

hexadecimal
A base-16 numeric system that can be used to display ints. Handy in computer science due to it's ability to represent
any 4-bit value as a single character.

irregularity
The lack of systemic order in an input or output stream that must be accounted for by the programmer.

line-oriented input
Input that is terminated by a newline character only rather than a newline or a whitespace character.

Manipulator
A directive that can be used to modify output that will change its display, such as oct, Hex, etc.

Nonstandard operator
An operator that is not covered by the standard C++ functions.

noshowbase
A manipulator that instructs the program to not show the base prefix of a number, i.e. 0a or 0.

octal
A base-8 numeric system that can be used to display ints. It was used commonly in early days of computing to represent
bit values but has largely fallen in disfavor in lieu of hexadecimal.

output formatting
The tailoring of output to fit a specific style and pattern that makes the data easier to interpret, either to a
stream or to a user.

regularity
Regularity occurs when memory objects can be systemically processed in a uniformed fashion.

scientific
A display mode for floats that represents the number in scientific notation. Useful for very large and very small numbers.

setprecision()
A manipulator that allows the programmer to set the number of digits that will be displayed by the program when showing a
float before rounding according to the 4/5th rule for the last digit.

showbase
A manipulator that instructs the output to show the base prefix of a series of integers.