01.	Why don't we just use a commercial or open source graphics library directly?
	Commercially available graphics libraries are large, complex, and comprehensive tools that would make learning graphics at a fundamental
	level more challenging than by using a simple, light-weight library.

02.	About how many classes from our graphics interface library do you need to do simple graphics output?
	Three at minimum, the Simple_window, Point, and line.

03.	What are the header files needed to use the graphics interface library?
	Graph.h, Simple_window.h, and Point.h at minimum, however graph contains point so really just Graph.h and Simple_window.h.

04.	What classes define closed shapes?
	Closed_Polyline, Rectangle, Circle, Ellipse, and Polygon. 

05.	Why don't we just use line for every shape?
	While possible, using line for every shape is needlessly complicated and redundant for common shapes. A child class of shape 
	that handles the specific geometry math is a more modular and efficient solution.

06.	What do the arguments to Point indicate?
	Point's two arguments are its X and Y coordinates. 

07.	What are the components of Line_Style?
	Line style's main component is the enum that masks Fl_line_style and provides various graphical styles for lines, as well as an int that determines the line thickness in pixels.

08.	What are the components of Color?
	Color components are based in the color designation enum that masks Fl_color and a simple transparency int that ranges from 0-255. 
	Additional constructors allow for an int-based color determination from a single number, i.e. 99, or by specifying an RGB value.

09.	What is RGB?
	Red-Green-Blue, a common three-int specifier for a color.

10.	What are the differences between two line(s) and a single Lines containing two lines?
	The difference is entirely in our perception of what is going on. Lines expresses that the programmer
	believes that the lines belong together and should be manipulated in tandem while two lines are independent
	lines.

11.	What properties can you set for every shape?
	All shapes have a list of points that can be accessed by the add() property.

12.	How many sides does a Closed_polyline defined by five points have?
	Five if the points do not provoke intersecting lines. If they do, the number may be extremely high.

13.	What do yo see if you define a shape but don't attach it to a window?
	Nothing.

14	How does a Rectangle differ from a polygon with four Points(corners)?
	A rectangle differs from a polygon with four points by having a more efficient algorithm for fill colors and outline colors since it is significantly easier to determine what needs to be filled
	in a rectangle than in a polygon. It also allows for simpler and easier to use constructors like the point followed by width and height or just two points.

15.	How does a polygon differ from a closed_polyline?
	A polygon does not allow for points to create intersecting lines and checks for this.

16.	What's on top: fill or outline?
	Outline is on top by default.

17.	Why didn't we bother defining a triangle class?
	Polygon must be fully initalized with a minimum of three points, meaning that there is no functional difference between a polygon with three points and a triangle class. Furthermore there
	are no significant algorithmic gains to be made in having it be a separate class, unlike rect, since all polygon fill calculations are ultimately triangulations.

18.	How do you move a shape to another place in the window?
	They can be moved by accessing the .move(x, y) function.

19.	How do you label a shape with a line of text?
	Create a text object with the desired label and position it as desired, with the bottom left of the text being considered 0,0.

20. What properties can you set for a text string in a Text?
	Color, font, and font size.

21.	What is a font and why do we care?
	Font is the style of characters used to represent the string and is critical for both having a unified style, portability, and readability.

22.	What is Vector_ref and how do we use it?
	A vector ref is a vector which can take a variety of unspecified items and store them, or rather it stores a reference to them.

23.	What is the difference between a Circle and an Ellipse?
	An ellipse is simply a circle with a major and a minor axis that are not identical.

24.	What happens if you try and display an Image given a file name that doesn't refer to a file containing an image?
	The program will normally display a standard "Bad Image" file, i.e. a red or a black X.

25.	How do you display part of an image?
	Partial images can be displayed using a mask, which requires a point and height and width to show.