Argument Error
An error that arises from a function being provided with an argument that it does not know how to handle.

Assertion
A statement inserted into a program to state that something must always be true at that point in a program.

catch
A keyword that denotes the event reciever that "catches" and handles a specified exception.

Compile-Time Error
An error that is caught by the compiler during compilation. Normally a syntax error or other violation of basic language
rules.

Container
An object that holds other objects, aka elements, such as a vector or an array.

Debugging
The act of searching for and removing errors from a program in a less systematic way than testing.

Error
A mismatch between what a program is expected to do and what the program actually does.

Exception
A programmed response to exceptional circumstances or events, such as errors or unplanned inputs. It allows the
separation of error handling from proper code.

Invariant
Something that must always be true at a given point in the program, such as conditions for entering a loop.

Link-Time Error
An error that is caught by the linker during linking. Link-Time errors normally deal with mismatches between translation
units, such as undefined declarations.

Logic Error
An error that occurs when the fundamental solution coded by the programmer does not correctly solve the intended issue,
either through poor understanding of the problem or incorrect logic.

Post-Condition
A condition that must be held upon exiting a block of code.

Pre-Condition
A condition that must be held upon entering a block of code.

Range Error
An error that occurs when an index in a sequence is beyond the capacity of the sequence, i.e. v[5] in a vector<int>v(4)

Requirement
The description of the desired behavior from a program or peice of code. Additionally it may describe the assumptions
a function or template makes upon its arguments.

Run-Time Error
An error that occurs when a program is running as an executable.

Syntax Error
An error that occurs when mistakes in code lead to meaningless code that cannot be interpreted by the compiler.

Testing
The systemic searching for bugs in a program.

throw
A keyword used to create an exception upon the detection of specified errors or unplanned behaviors.

Type Error
An error that arises from a mismatch between types of data that cannot be implicitly converted.